When configured, use the health check of the proxy (#1841)
hashicorp/consul-k8s: CHANGELOG.md

  * Add the `envoyExtensions` field to the `ProxyDefaults` and `ServiceDefaults` CRD. [[GH-1823]](https://github.com/hashicorp/consul-k8s/pull/1823)
  * Add the `balanceInboundConnections` field to the `ServiceDefaults` CRD. [[GH-1823]](https://github.com/hashicorp/consul-k8s/pull/1823)
* Control-Plane

>   * Add support for the annotation `consul.hashicorp.com/use-proxy-health-check`. When this annotation is used by a service, it configures a readiness endpoint on Consul Dataplane and queries it instead of the application for its readiness. [[GH-1824](https://github.com/hashicorp/consul-k8s/pull/1824)], [[GH-1841](https://github.com/hashicorp/consul-k8s/pull/1824)]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Add support for the annotation `consul.hashicorp.com/use-proxy-health-check`. When this annotation is used by a service, it configures a readiness endpoint on Consul Dataplane and queries it instead of the proxy's inbound port which forwards requests to the application. [[GH-1824](https://github.com/hashicorp/consul-k8s/pull/1824)], [[GH-1841](https://github.com/hashicorp/consul-k8s/pull/1824)]
```
